resolve references before validating the discriminator (#1815)
epoberezkin/ajv: docs/json-schema.md

- `mapping` in discriminator object is not supported.
- [oneOf](#oneof) keyword must be present in the same schema.
- discriminator property should be [requried](#required) either on the top level, as in the example, or in all `oneOf` subschemas.

> - each `oneOf` subschema must have [properties](#properties) keyword with discriminator property. Here, the subschemas can also be included by reference (`$ref` keyword). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- each `oneOf` subschema must have [properties](#properties) keyword with discriminator property. The subschemas should be either inlined or included as direct references (only `$ref` keyword without any extra keywords is allowed). 
```
